So before we wrap things up with our audience and Dynamo D-B course.
Let's take a look at what we learned in this course and what happened and what we actually implemented.
In those scores we first started to learn how to create our own AWOS API credentials.
And these were like the Access Key ID and the secret access key.
With the help of a WSC a lie.
And after that we installed Python 3 AWOS Seelye and prepared our environment to work with AWOS using
those credentials.
And after that we also installed both of three on top of those.
And we first configured our environment before we jumping into our ID.
And then we checked out what we're going to build through the curse.
And after we started our idea to work with our ID we learned how to use autocomplete magic with PI both
three on PI char MIT.
And again it is a really useful feature and great shout out to the guys at PI both three for providing
such a nice interface for autocomplete features of python and both of three.
And when we finished use learning and using autocomplete features with PIJ on ID we checked out the
extensive documentation of both three and then we started creating one by one and starting with our
Yes we first created our RDX instance.
Then we learned how to describe it.
Then we updated our already as instance with like changing the master user password.
And finally we deleted our TS instance but also we learned how to take a snapshot of our art.
Yes.
Instance.
And after that we restored our RDX instance to a previous version or to a previous snapshot version
of our RLDS instance and learned how to do that with Python and both all three.
And after we finished with our RLDS implementation we moved on to Dynamo D and then we learned how to
create a dynamo D-B table how to pro-white the provision throughput and everything else like the key
schema attribute definitions and everything about dynamo D-B.
We did all of that with the help of python and both all three.
And when we created our table after we created it we first describe and learn how to describe our table.
And finally we updated and deleted our dynamic table.